# This folder contains the helpful scripts

## Script to download product assembly

1. Open scripts folder in terminal (cmd).
1. In "get-product-assembly-build.xml" modify "assemblies.list" property.
1. Run get-assembly.cmd. (Or run command: ant -f get-product-assembly-build.xml)
1. Follow the instructions  (you need to provide user and password for reldist (your domain user and password)).
1. Refresh the project in eclipse.

######################

Note:
If you are using an xxx.product file to configure the RCP check the 'Start Levels' section of the 'Configuration' tab. Use the 'Add Recommended' button to add the recommended start configuration which includes org.eclipse.equinox.ds.

**For Eclipse 2018-09 onwards org.apache.felix.scr replaces org.eclipse.equinox.ds and requires similar start level configuration.**

See also: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/52207542/rcp-application-run-from-eclipse-runs-fine-exporting-it-throws-injectionexcepti

######################

## Script to create a delta pack

1. Modify properties if needed in the (for example you may want to change 'buildRepo' property to point to a specific source repository, and also 'buildLabel').
1. In the eclipse select 'create-delta-pack.xml' and from the context menu select "Run As"/"Ant Build..." to create a new Ant launch configuration.
1. On JRE tab select "Run in the same JRE as the workspace".
1. Run (with the default target)

It should produce a zip containing the a delta-pack for a specific version of eclipse depending on 'buildRepo' value.

The zip then you should unpack it in the resources folder (and commit this folder to the repository, together with the modified script).

**Please remove and not commit other temporary files generated by the sctipt.**

The unpacked delta-pack should be used in the 'tbs-product-tp.target' to build a product repository assembly.

See also: [Multi-platform eclipse build](https://wiki.eclipse.org/A_Brief_Overview_of_Building_at_Eclipse#Preferred_way_of_doing_multi-platform_builds)